# Random Bugs
There are strange issues that needed to be written down.

> ## Directory error

When trying to use the directory handler with inert, it failed because inert was
registered after the main app. For some reason h.file was fine.

### _**The Fix**_

To get the directory handler to work, I had to register Inert before the main
lib. This seems like best practice anyway.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

> ## Debug: handler, error ... at exports.File.open (/usr/app/node_modules/inert/lib/fs.js:37:24)

This is a terrible and stupid bug. It will likely never occur again, but I'm noting it here for posterity. This happened whenever I tried to load the home route. The full error is below:

```
web_container | Debug: handler, error
web_container |     Error: Not Found
web_container |     at exports.File.open (/usr/app/node_modules/inert/lib/fs.js:37:24)
```
this looks like it's an issue with inert, but actually it's a problem with
the package.json `homepage` field.

Create-react-app build and watch scripts assume that your project is hosted
at the root of the site. However, at some point this field was autogenerated
to be:

```
"homepage": "https://github.com/MostlyFocusedMike/ollie-notes#readme",
```

notice that there are now 2 sub pages now. This overrides the 'assumed at root' behaviour, and breaks things. Inert is the one that deals with paths so it's the one that gets affected first. This field is auto updated once a github is attached to a project, I didn't notice it.

### _**The Fix**_
I just changed the homepage to the root it will eventually have, 'https://ollienotes.com.
Once the field was updated, rebuild with webpack to update it.

```
npm run webpack:build
```

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
> ## Error: Cannot find module 'bossy'

This shouldn't pop up again, but this would jump out randomly for a while.
I don't know which package would ever need to use it, it's a CLI parser,
or why it only occurs sometimes and not others.

### _**The Fix**_
I just loaded it as a devdependency and moved on

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> ## error: duplicate key value violates unique constraint "users_pkey"

This error kept popping up inconsistently. Most likely, when the seeds were run
they were causing problems, since I was specifying the actual `id` field,
even though it wanted to auto increment them. I noticed the error didn't happen
when I ran the create new user code, but never ran the seed file first.

### _**The Fix**_
I removed the `id` field and the problem went away.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
